[Music]
for over three generations
Koya leather has been producing
furniture that has set the standard for
beauty quality and durability using
old-world craftsmanship and modern
innovation
Koya brings contemporary design and
elegance to leather furnishings that
were once only available to the wealthy
and elite but now can grace any home and
budget this family-owned business began
over 40 years ago in holland elias
blessing was a master craftsman and
passed his knowledge onto philip
blessing who in turn brought his family
and business to north america to
continue the Koya tradition of furniture
excellence today his sons Robert and
Eric are celebrating their 20th year of
furniture manufacturing in North America
they continue to dedicate themselves to
producing the highest quality leather
furniture in the industry they do this
by embracing the future while
remembering their past for example
everything at Coyle leather is still
done by hand from selecting top-grade
leathers to customer service every step
receives that personal touch
there's no offshore outsourcing or piece
work here it's all done on the premises
and because Koya buys our materials in
such large quantities they are able to
pass significant savings on to their
customers there's nothing like the human
touch working with an award-winning team
Robert and Eric blessing create
exquisite designs that are exclusive to
Koya
designs like their studio line or urban
collection or their theater line
featuring Leggett and Platt mechanisms
for outstanding viewing comfort but how
does Koya achieve such a high standard
it all begins with a huge selection of
the finest top grade hides on the market
these hides our end line dyed for full
depth and consistency of color
Koya not only carries a wide selection
of traditional earth tones but all the
latest colors to create pieces that are
bold contemporary and fashionable they
are then hand selected and checked for
defects holes and open scars are marked
for exclusion while healed scars and
minor imperfections are retained so as
not to lose the leathers natural
character experienced operators mark the
tucks and folds for the precise fit
needed to fit the three-dimensional
forms of the sofa loveseat or chair at
every step of the production phase
important information about the product
is tracked and entered into coiours
database this ensures efficiency from
product conception to completion sewing
is the next stage of specialized
workmanship a key feature of coiours
Technique is a spot stitch of Dacron
padding the additional security of
stitching it to the leather prevents any
danger of future slippage some designs
call for the sewing to be done from the
suede side the single needle seam is
hidden when the leather is reversed
sometimes exposed seams are called for
as in this French stitch another example
of specialized seams is the so called
baseball stitch beautiful and yet strong
welding and ruffling are also used in
many of coiours designs the machines
represent the latest and sewing
technology which allow for different
grades of thread and computerized
stitching designs all of Koya space
frames are constructed from the highest
quality materials available the frame
stress points are reinforced from
maximum life instead of cardboard the
backs of our frames use webbing our away
program features bases which are
supported by eight-way hand tied coils
other models feature senia spring
systems screw nails hold the spring
sections firmly to the frame and give a
final tie into the webbing next heavy
fell decking is added to cover the base
all exposed wooden surfaces off the base
are then given a layer of foam rubber to
ensure a soft and solid touch all around
before the leather upholstery is applied
down to the smallest detail the pieces
are tied in for strength and durability
the final stage of upholstering the back
moves to the next station this is not
really an assembly line the craftspeople
here move freely among stations adding
not only to the interest and pride they
take in their work but to the
flexibility in keeping production stages
in step with one another and efficiency
in filling customer orders
[Music]
sofa and loveseat arms are the next
component requiring specialized skill
developed over time by our many
experienced craftspeople seat cushions
use high resilient density foam there
are CFC free and conform to the
strictest fire codes in North America
the back filling machine allows for the
use of high quality fiber resulting in
cushions that hold their shape and are
made to last all the pieces come
together into the finished product time
for a final inspection and cleaning the
addition of the label contains coiours
limited lifetime guarantee on every
piece of furniture x' frame as in every
stage of production
Koya pays special attention to packing
each unit is specially shrink-wrapped to
guard against dust and moisture double
walled cardboard protects the product
against the hazards of travel these
measures ensure that our product arrives
at its destination in perfect condition
finally the scanner picks up the last
data on the shipment the barcode ticket
is then passed on to all computerized
customers at the same time information
goes to the data base in our office and
the product is loaded on trucks in as
little as four weeks of having received
the order the product is off to market
you've seen how Koya creates and
delivers outstanding products combining
beautiful design and fashion with
uncompromising handmade workmanship
furniture that is transcending luxurious
and well-made leather has so many
qualities beauty durability comfort and
style and Koya knows leather
[Music]
Koya leather line quality never looked
so beautiful
[Music]
you